DOCS-1938: Update Grafana tutorial R2D2 (#2762)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/services/visualize-data-grafana.md

First, add the data management service to your machine to be able capture and sync data:

1. Navigate to your machine's **CONFIGURE** tab in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

> 1. Click the **+** button in the left-hand menu and select **Service** from the drop-down create menu.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click the **+** button in the left-hand menu and select **Service** from the dropdown.
```
